Beep! Beep! Beep! Roxanne groaned as her eyes fluttered open at 5:00 am sharp. It was comfortably cosy aboard her parents’ spaceship - Star-1. She asked her personal robot assistant, Hedge, to turn off the alarm. For good measure, Hedge pulled the blanket from her grip so that she could get ready in time. After a shower and a change into her favourite camouflage spacesuit, which took only a minute thanks to the ShowerMatic+, Hedge announced in his hard, metallic voice that there was an emergency meeting in the conference room.
         The journey would have taken an hour on foot to the conference room, but thanks to the shuttle jet, she was there in a jiffy. Roxanne Clarke was fifteen-year-old teenage girl with flowing blonde hair; pale, milky white skin and piercing emerald green eyes who had escaped the apocalypse with her family and another family- the Alexandres before the Great Oblivion that befell the Earth. On entering the conference hall, she observed that her parents and the Alexandres had grave looks on their faces, this made even Roxanne’s highly resistant good run cold. The Alexandres had a son- Julian who was as old as her with a strong physique, ripped muscles, blonde hair and stunning azure eyes, he too looked quite uneasy which usually was not the case. 
”Good morning Roxanne, have a seat, ” her mother said apparently trying hard for a smile. As soon as she was seated, they all bombarded her with the details of the issue at hand: the spaceship was running out of fuel (quartzite) and they had to take a space shuttle (which could barely squeeze two people) to get the fuel, this meant that Roxanne and Julian had to go and bring back more fuel. Roxanne nodded, asking where could it be found. The Clarkes hung their heads in sorrow, the deafening silence killing her, the only sounds were the sounds of machinery buzzing around her. 
”On Earth, inhabited by the ferocious savages who had evolved regressively during the Great Oblivion,” answered Julian with a grim look on his face. Roxanne took a deep breath to calm her frantic nerves, but she willed herself to the challenge. She dashed to her room to begin preparing for the mission that lay ahead of her. All of a sudden, there was a hard knock on the door. She was not amazed to find Julian at the door. After all, they had to put their heads together and work on the issue.
smirked Julian. Roxanne rolled her eyes and opened her notebook and commanded it to write everything that she said. Meanwhile, Julian started up his holographic computer and researched about the reserves of fuel on Earth.
                                                  After hours of research, the duo came up with a suitable plan. They made a neutron bomb to extract all the reserves of fuel and then carry it back to the spaceship via securing it by metal ropes. They were ready to go! They packed their laser guns and other devices that would help them accomplish their mission. They got into their space shuttle and launched towards Earth at warp speed. It was initially difficult to enter the Earth’s atmosphere, but they managed with their powerful engines. They used a scanner which they had programmed to find the fuel reserves. On finding them, they dropped the bomb which extracted all the quartzite. They landed to secure all the fuel with metal ropes. Suddenly they saw a swarm of shrieking and running towards them from a distance. They looked so hideous that you couldn’t believe that they were once human.
”I guess we got to slay them all, ” Roxanne sighed aiming her laser guns.
”I hope we survive, ” Julian whispered, ”I don’t wanna lose you.”
Roxanne was too amused to reply that all she could do was smile back. Just then they were attacked by the horde of savages. The two of them blasted the savages till nothing remained and the horde was completely wiped off. Julian hugged her so tightly crushing the breath out of her. 
”I don't want to lose you too, ” Roxanne ultimately smiled. Exhausted, the two of them returned to the space shuttle which took them to the spaceship.
They loaded the fuel into the spaceship and the engine restarted energised, the two of them successfully saved Star-1’s future. Life was all good again!

